{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Terms of use\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 Welcome to the Translate Plus-Safe Proxy app! Please read the following terms of use carefully before using this application. By using the Application, you agree to the following terms and conditions:\
\
Use of Services: You understand and agree that the Translate Plus-Safe Proxy Application is for personal, non-commercial use only. You may not use this Application for any purpose that violates laws and regulations or infringes the rights and interests of others.\
\
Account Registration: Some features may require you to register an account. When registering for an account, you must provide accurate, complete and true personal information and ensure that it is updated in a timely manner. You are responsible for keeping your account information safe and not disclosing it to any third party.\
\
Service Changes: We reserve the right to modify, suspend or terminate some or all of the Services at any time without prior notice. We are not responsible for any loss or inconvenience caused by changes to our services.\
\
Disclaimer: Translate Plus-Safe Proxy App only provides translation and VPN services, and is not responsible for any direct or indirect losses caused by the use of this App. Users should use the application at their own risk.\
\
Intellectual Property: All intellectual property rights in the Application are owned by us or our licensors. You may not use, copy or modify the content of the Application in any form without our written permission.\
\
Applicable Law: These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China. Any dispute arising out of these Terms of Use shall be settled through friendly negotiation. If negotiation fails, the dispute shall be submitted to the people's court with jurisdiction for settlement.\
\
By using the Translate Plus-Safe Proxy App, you agree to abide by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to the above terms, please stop using this application immediately. If you have any questions or comments regarding the Terms of Use, please contact us.\
}